hi everyone welcome to Japanese cooking
lovers this is Yuri today I will show
you how to make miso soup miso soup is
something that Japanese people eat every
day and you may be able to find miso
soup in Japanese restaurant in the
United States but this is a little bit
different because this is more of
Ventech basically you can use any
vegetables basic one is which means
popular one is tofu and what comment
which is seaweed and most likely you can
see those ingredients one in Japanese
restaurant but if you put more
vegetables of course tastes much better
so I'm going to use today yellow
zucchini squash and onion and this is
daikon radish I already peel and cut
like half inch and of course miso and
this is soup stock from Comfort and this
is how I cut it
those are daikon radish I peel like that
and this is peeled and like 1/2 inch
and sliced thin this is onion I do
splice a thing and only unusually make
soup taste sweeter and I like it very
much I usually make any veggies same
size because it's easy to pick up that
way so let's see this is almost same
size as some daikon radish I will use 3
cups of dashi today and you are going to
boil this dashi stock ok it's boiling so
I will put all those ingredients in here
vegetable already cooked and I'm gonna
put me so now but before I put missile I
turn off heat why I am doing that
because Mesa has very good scent and
also flavor overcooked
that's kill both of them so turn off the
heat first then put me so I put me so
this is about 1 tablespoon and 2
tablespoon and you just put me so in
there and just leave it for a while and
a mixes mix it later or use dose stuff
and put miso in here and dumped in that
miso soup in mixed with it in that is
the other way to liquid for this up kind
of solve it miso but if you don't have
that that's fine just dump the miso
inside and maybe 30-second me still
gonna dissolve
gently mix so you still have this one
yeah when miso is dissolved this is the
Mississippi and you taste it and if it's
too weak put more miso and hopefully you
don't put too much missile from
beginning but if too strong which is too
salty maybe you have to add more water
or dashi stock so this is how to make
authentic Japanese miso soup and
basically you can use any vegetables
from your refrigerator and I recommend
mushroom mushrooms taste very good and
also fried tofu which is very good and
we don't call it's miso soup but we
sometimes put pork and that is very good
because of bad flavor
but anyway this is how to make very
authentic very good taste
Japanese miso soup and I hope you enjoy
this video and this is Japanese cooking
lovers and this is Yuri thanks for
watching